Years later in 2015, teenage girl Casey sneaks into NASA launch site in Florida to sabotage all the machinery that will be used for the demolition because she doesn't want her dad, who works as a NASA engineer, to lose his job.
  Athena is watching it all from the shadows and after Casey returns home, Athena uses a small scanner to get Casey's DNA from her bike helmet and codes it into her last Tomorrowland pin.
The next morning, Casey's dad Eddie gets a call from work explaining the situation.
  Casey thinks she's saved his job, but Eddie reveals they will bring replacement cranes so Casey really needs to stop trying. However, Casey reminds him keeping up hope is more important. In the evening, Casey tries to sabotage the demolition again, but this time the police are waiting for her and she gets arrested.
  Some hours later, someone pays the bail, and Casey picks up her belonging s to return home. Among all the things she finds the pin and when she touches it, she suddenly sees a vision of a different place. The pin falls, and when Casey touches it again, the same thing happens.
  The next time, Casey grabs the pin properly and finds herself looking at a huge city in the distance, but when she tries to walk to it, the pin falls and she is in jail again because walking made her bump against things and people in the room. To avoid more trouble, Casey picks up the pin using gum wrapper. At that moment, Eddie shows up to pick Casey up after paying the bail.
   On their way home, he scolds Casey for her actions, so she makes him touch the pin, promising it will explain everything. However, when Eddie touches the pin, nothing happens. Confused, Casey touches the pin herself and appears in the other world, coming to the conclusion this only works for her. Eddie gets tired of Casey rambling about the pin and takes it away from her. 
  When they get home, Casey waits for Eddie to fall asleep to steal the pin from his night table. As soon as she touches it, she appears in the other world, and walking toward the city makes her bump against the walls of her house and even fall down the stairs.
The noise wakes Eddie up, causing Casey to hide and decide to do this somewhere else.
  Casey goes to the middle of a huge field and touches the pin, allowing her to finally appear in Tomorrowland.
  While taking the train to go further into the city, she discovers the pin has a timer that is going down and that nobody can see her. Casey leaves the train at the next stop and she sees some important scientists entering a different kind of wagon.
She tries to follow them, but suddenly water appears around her because the pin timer is about to reach zero. Casey tries to ignore it and pushes through the water, but soon Tomorrowland disappears and Casey finds herself in a swamp. As soon as she returns home, Casey wakes her brother Nate up and asks him for the password to their dad's computer. The siblings search for the pin online and find an ad from a store that will buy these pins from anyone.
   Casey writes down the shop address and asks Nate to tell their father she's going camping with some friends.
    In the morning, Athena shows up at the house, so Nate gives her the camping excuse. Athena can tell he's lying and pressures him until he finally confesses.
 Meanwhile Casey makes it to the shop from the ad. The eccentric clerks are clearly interested in it and confirm that what Casey saw was real. Tomorrowland is a place where all the brightest minds gather to create freely without the chains of government and greed, and the only way to access the city is through the pin. 
The clerks want to buy the pin and to know where Casey got it, but when Casey refuses to cooperate, they press a button to lock the door and reveal a pair of futuristic weapons that can shoot plasma. Casey tries to hide among the merchandise but the clerks find her anyway and demand information on some girl. 
   Suddenly, a grenade breaks through the window and freezes the clerks inside a force field. An armed Athena enters the shop too and explains it's a time bomb that won't last long, then helps Casey get her hand out of the field. Unfortunately, this causes the bomb to shut off and the clerks are free again, so they counter-attack. 
   Athena fights them hand-to-hand with the help of Casey throwing merchandise at them, and when Athena removes one of their heads, Casey is shocked to discover both clerks were animatronics. After announcing the animatronics are about to self-destruct, Athena drags Casey out of the shop just in time to avoid the explosion.
    Then Athena breaks a car window to open it and pushes Casey inside before using a special tool to make the car start as she explains they need to escape before "they" find them. On the road, Casey begins asking questions, and Athena tells her she was the one that gave her the pin. Before she can say more, she suddenly begins malfunctioning, and Casey watches in horror how Athena fixes herself because she's an animatronic as well.
   Scared, Casey jumps out of the car and Athena tries to follow her, but as soon as she steps on the road, a truck hits her. The driver immediately comes to check on her, and Casey takes the chance to steal the truck to escape. However, Athena is just fine and immediately runs after the truck, jumping through the window to steal the keys and lock the door.
Casey begins yelling, and Athena finally manages to shut her up by informing Casey it is her last pin and they need to quickly go to Tomorrowland because they built something they shouldn’t have.